admob/plus/cordova/Generated.java
 admob.plus.cordova.Generated
 admob.plus.cordova.Generated$Actions
 admob.plus.cordova.Generated$Events
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
admob/plus/core/Helper.java
 admob.plus.core.Helper
 admob.plus.core.Helper$Adapter
cordova/plugin/codeplay/facebookads/free/codeplayfacebookads/codeplayfacebookads.java
 cordova.plugin.codeplay.facebookads.free.codeplayfacebookads
 cordova.plugin.codeplay.facebookads.free.codeplayfacebookads$1
 cordova.plugin.codeplay.facebookads.free.codeplayfacebookads$2
 cordova.plugin.codeplay.facebookads.free.codeplayfacebookads$3
 cordova.plugin.codeplay.facebookads.free.codeplayfacebookads$4
 cordova.plugin.codeplay.facebookads.free.codeplayfacebookads$5
 cordova.plugin.codeplay.facebookads.free.codeplayfacebookads$6
 cordova.plugin.codeplay.facebookads.free.codeplayfacebookads$7
admob/plus/cordova/AdMob.java
 admob.plus.cordova.AdMob
 admob.plus.cordova.AdMob$1
 admob.plus.cordova.AdMob$2
 admob.plus.cordova.AdMob$3
admob/plus/cordova/ads/AppOpen.java
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.AppOpen
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.AppOpen$1
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.AppOpen$1$1
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Location.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Location
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Location$1
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic$1
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic$2
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Wifi.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Wifi
nl/xservices/plugins/Insomnia.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia$2
org/apache/cordova/dialogs/Notification.java
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6$1
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
admob/plus/cordova/ads/Interstitial.java
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Interstitial
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Interstitial$1
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Interstitial$1$1
admob/plus/cordova/ads/RewardedInterstitial.java
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.RewardedInterstitial
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.RewardedInterstitial$1
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.RewardedInterstitial$1$1
admob/plus/core/Context.java
 admob.plus.core.Context
com/phonegap/bibliaviva/BuildConfig.java
 com.phonegap.bibliaviva.BuildConfig
nl/xservices/plugins/FileProvider.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.FileProvider
nl/xservices/plugins/ShareChooserPendingIntent.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.ShareChooserPendingIntent
nl/xservices/plugins/SocialSharing.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$4
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$SocialSharingRunnable
com/plugin/gcm/OneSignalPush.java
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$1
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$2
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$3
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$4
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$5
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$6
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$7
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$8
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$9
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$CordovaNotificationOpenedHandler
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$CordovaNotificationReceivedHandler
admob/plus/cordova/ads/Banner.java
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Banner
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Banner$1
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Banner$2
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Banner$3
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Banner$3$1
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Banner$4
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Banner$AdSizeType
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
admob/plus/core/Ad.java
 admob.plus.core.Ad
 admob.plus.core.Ad$1
 admob.plus.core.Ad$2
 admob.plus.core.Ad$2$1
 admob.plus.core.Ad$3
admob/plus/cordova/ExecuteContext.java
 admob.plus.cordova.ExecuteContext
com/phonegap/bibliaviva/MainActivity.java
 com.phonegap.bibliaviva.MainActivity
admob/plus/core/GenericAd.java
 admob.plus.core.GenericAd
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Bluetooth.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Bluetooth
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Bluetooth$1
com/verso/cordova/clipboard/Clipboard.java
 com.verso.cordova.clipboard.Clipboard
admob/plus/cordova/ads/Rewarded.java
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Rewarded
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Rewarded$1
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Rewarded$1$1
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_External_Storage.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_External_Storage
admob/plus/cordova/ads/Native.java
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Native
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Native$1
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.Native$ViewProvider
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Camera.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Camera
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Notifications.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Notifications
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_NFC.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_NFC
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_NFC$1
admob/plus/cordova/ads/AdBase.java
 admob.plus.cordova.ads.AdBase
