org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Location.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Location
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Location$1
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushHandlerActivity.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushHandlerActivity
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic$1
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic$2
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Wifi.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Wifi
name/ratson/cordova/admob/interstitial/InterstitialExecutor.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$1
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$2
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$3
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$4
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$5
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushInstanceIDListenerService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushInstanceIDListenerService
nl/xservices/plugins/Insomnia.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia$2
org/apache/cordova/dialogs/Notification.java
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6$1
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
name/ratson/cordova/admob/AdMobConfig.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.AdMobConfig
com/phonegap/bibliaviva/BuildConfig.java
 com.phonegap.bibliaviva.BuildConfig
nl/xservices/plugins/FileProvider.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.FileProvider
nl/xservices/plugins/ShareChooserPendingIntent.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.ShareChooserPendingIntent
nl/xservices/plugins/SocialSharing.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$4
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$SocialSharingRunnable
com/plugin/gcm/OneSignalPush.java
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$1
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$2
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$3
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$4
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$5
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$6
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$7
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$8
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$9
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$CordovaNotificationOpenedHandler
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$CordovaNotificationReceivedHandler
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
com/adobe/phonegap/push/FCMService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.FCMService
name/ratson/cordova/admob/AdMob.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.AdMob
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushConstants.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushConstants
name/ratson/cordova/admob/banner/BannerExecutor.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor$1
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor$2
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor$3
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor$4
name/ratson/cordova/admob/AbstractExecutor.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.AbstractExecutor
name/ratson/cordova/admob/banner/BannerListener.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerListener
name/ratson/cordova/admob/Actions.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.Actions
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Bluetooth.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Bluetooth
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Bluetooth$1
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushDismissedHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushDismissedHandler
com/verso/cordova/clipboard/Clipboard.java
 com.verso.cordova.clipboard.Clipboard
com/adobe/phonegap/push/BackgroundActionButtonHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.BackgroundActionButtonHandler
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_External_Storage.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_External_Storage
br/com/innovatesoft/bibliaviva/MainActivity.java
 com.phonegap.bibliaviva.MainActivity
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushPlugin.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$1
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$10
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$11
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$2
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$3
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$4
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$5
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$6
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$7
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$8
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$9
name/ratson/cordova/admob/interstitial/InterstitialListener.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialListener
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Camera.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Camera
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Notifications.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Notifications
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_NFC.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_NFC
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_NFC$1
name/ratson/cordova/admob/rewardvideo/RewardVideoListener.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoListener
name/ratson/cordova/admob/rewardvideo/RewardVideoExecutor.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoExecutor
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoExecutor$1
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoExecutor$2
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoExecutor$3
name/ratson/cordova/admob/CordovaEventBuilder.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.CordovaEventBuilder
